Update known-issues.md for Blazor debugging issue (#7544)
dotnet/core: release-notes/7.0/known-issues.md

## .NET Runtime

### Unable to debug a Blazor WebAssembly App

It’s not possible to debug a Blazor app using .net7 preview 5 https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/pull/70383

Workaround:
Copy the following into any net7.0 blazor wasm csproj:

`

>   <ItemGroup>
>         <PackageReference Include="Serilog.Extensions.Logging.File" Version="2.0.0" ExcludeAssets="all" GeneratePathProperty="true"/>
>     </ItemGroup>
>     <Target Name="_CopySerilogDeps" AfterTargets="Build">
>         <Copy SourceFiles="$(PkgSerilog_Extensions_Logging_File)\lib\netstandard2.0\Serilog.Extensions.Logging.File.dll"
>               DestinationFolder="$(PkgMicrosoft_AspNetCore_Components_WebAssembly_DevServer)\tools\BlazorDebugProxy"
>               SkipUnchangedFiles="true"/>
>     </Target>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
     <ItemGroup>
        <PackageReference Include="Serilog.Extensions.Logging.File" Version="2.0.0" ExcludeAssets="all" GeneratePathProperty="true"/>
    </ItemGroup>
    <Target Name="_CopySerilogDeps" AfterTargets="Build">
        <Copy SourceFiles="$(PkgSerilog_Extensions_Logging_File)\lib\netstandard2.0\Serilog.Extensions.Logging.File.dll"
              DestinationFolder="$(PkgMicrosoft_AspNetCore_Components_WebAssembly_DevServer)\tools\BlazorDebugProxy"
              SkipUnchangedFiles="true"/>
    </Target>
```
```

`

> That should resolve the missing dependency and get debugging working in .NET 7.0 Preview 5 after a single build. This only needs to be run once but should be harmless to leave if project doesn’t have a different Serilog requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That will copy the missing dependency into the DevServer package and enable Wasm debugging in .NET 7.0 Preview 5 after a single build. This workaround only needs to be run once per package root to repair the DevServer package but should be harmless to leave in as long as the project doesn’t have a different Serilog version requirement.
```

> That should resolve the missing dependency and get debugging working in .NET 7.0 Previw 5 after a single build. This only needs to be run once but should be harmless to leave if project doesn’t doesn’t have a different Serilog requirement.

Reviewer 2: Previw -> Preview
doesn't doesn't -> doesn't
